[Music]
it's
thank you
I think it's crazy
[Music]
I'm not sure if this is my desk yet what
everything is
piled up on it when you leave a huge
target rondell I'm not supposed to have
that and okay
apparently if you hide it under a
blanket they can't remove it so they'll
never know and then all my target stuff
like that it's not open to know whether
to use just necessities until those lot
of Oxnard's and risers we have a tiny
common area but I think we're gonna move
this desk over there and then this is
bathroom which is nice because you don't
have to deal with communal showers we're
going to replace this cute and then I
think we're all gonna have a shower tiny
and also like a hanging one right there
only one thing but that's okay I think
we're all gonna put our toilet a
somewhere yeah it should be fun this is
my roommate I'm on a big bag still
moving furniture around but yeah we're
gonna be good this is my bed
lots of natural lighting just good for
California person and then yeah no no we
need to raise the bed a lot maybe Tippin
where it needs to go up like three feet
yeah it's probably about a foot which is
really small okay yeah I'm happy it's
gonna be cozy no you're gonna get stuff
out you're gonna steal like it has more
definitely definitely
yeah I'm happy with the lighting and the
bed seems really nice yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
yes we changed the configuration of it
but I think if they were to say yeah
that's looking good
say roommates bed and then I think
that's gonna be my like dresser or like
I don't really know what to pull that
shelf bookshelf is bookshelf and then
this is the dresser for clothes and then
remember here this will be her dresser
and her bookshelf right there and her
bed and then she'll have this whole wall
and I will have this wall and this one
hopefully it upgrade
[Music]
putting my Polaroids up of my side and I
think I have is I have a but first off
in sign so that's gonna go probably
there I'm not sure we'll see how it all
looks
just or dress at the knee is coming
along
so many clothes
it is but it's actually a really nice
day and I have a really nice view
[Music]
no food we may not have time to get food
we'll see dessert it's mostly dessert
but this is it's really coming together
so I just have photos there maman
perfect most of my clothes it was really
nice surprise and yeah it's like 11 or
1:30 and we're we're getting there okay
[Music]
so it's like a couple days later and I'm
pretty much all moved in there's a few
things here and there that I still have
to do I hang up my mirror I have to get
more lights my pictures are still coming
in the mail a a couple of touches here
and there I have to set up my shoe rack
which I know I'm probably not gonna do
just because it's like machinery
requires tools yep I already am so busy
and don't really feel like I have any
time and classes haven't even started
yet so that's crazy
we have convocation in a couple days
which is where we officially get kind of
like initiated as like Harvard students
so it's this big ceremony everyone
dressed us up it's really cool so we
have that it is burning hot outside
though and so you and you think like
being from California I'm used to that
but not not this kind of heat this is
like really sticky and like gross I'm
used to like nice sunny breezy weather
this is Jackie yeah mmm
I actually can't wait until it gets cold
like what watch me watch me say that and
then just be like oh my god I need
summer right now I think I'm gonna get
like seasonal depression or something I
I'm not gonna do well when the Sun Goes
Down like now it's like summer sunsets
are like eight or nine like that's
that's my time
so yeah so far things are really great
here I love my friends I actually so I
went to visit Oz which is the admitted
students program and that's how I met a
couple of my friends like Molly and
Audrey and then I did the program called
dorm crew so Harvard does pre
orientation programs there's several of
them ones like an outdoor program ones
like a community service one one's an
arts one and I did the one that was
called FCU fall cleanup or dorm crew and
basically you go around cleaning all of
the dorms you get paid for it though and
it's a really fun time because you're
stuck in a bathroom with someone for
like six hours cleaning and you can
really get to know people so that was
amazing
loved my team loved my captain Jules and
I met a lot of great friends through
that so like my main friend group right
now is from his itas and then from dorm
crew um like Nadine Veronica you'll
you'll meet a lot of them probably
they're gonna be in a lot of my hugs
because I spend all my time with them we
like having meals together all the time
so that's when you saw me moving in
Nadine and Molly were getting their IDs
with me when we moved in and we're
really getting like the cards and stuff
because dorm crew people got to move in
a day early and then my mom flew out and
came and then we drove I stayed at my
uncle's place he lives like 40 minutes
outside Boston and then we drove in to
Harvard officially with like all my
stuff and moved in and yeah it probably
took like two days to move in which is
more than I was expecting but I mean I
did have a lot of stuff I have a lot of
clothes a lot but there's a closet and a
dresser so that's pretty good but
it yeah my mom left a few days ago my
family is back in Spain so that's why
you saw me actually flying to college
from Spain with all my stuff which was a
time and one of my really good friends
Rose was there so that's why you saw her
in the beginning - it was like a little
vacation before my brother is a
goalkeeper and he was trying out for an
academy there so that's why my family
was there so yeah all in all super
excited to be here like it's kind of
insane I'm actually at Harvard I don't
really believe it yet that makes sense
I'm kind of just like oh it's College
and I'm like oh no it's Harvard um not
they're not different
honestly like Harvard College we'll see
when classes start I think that's when
everything's gonna like really kicking
but ya can't wait to do a dorm tour
that's why I'm kind of like hiding my
side of the room it's really pretty you
know I'll I'll show you later
but yeah really loving it here so far
super excited and I'll see you in my
next video bye
[Music]